Date: 2012-09-20 00:00:00 +0000
Title: Privacy Notice
Name:

[MathB.in] (this website) is a community website
maintained by one or more volunteers. This privacy
notice explains how this website uses the data it
collects from you when you use this website.

[MathB.in]: ./


## Data Items

This website collects the following data:

- The text submitted by you while submitting a new
  post using this website. This text may contain a
  post title, your name, and arbitrary code
  written in LaTeX and Markdown format. This text
  is written by you, so you are in complete
  control of what you submit in the text. You must
  not submit sensitive personal data to this
  website.

- Your Internet Protocol (IP) address used to
  visit this website.

- HTTP referrer URL sent by your web browser or
  client software while connecting to this
  website. A web browser or a client software
  typically, but not necessarily, sends the URL of
  the web page or website where you clicked on a
  link to visit this website as the HTTP referrer
  value. If this website is visited directly
  without clicking on any link, then a web browser
  or client does not typically send any HTTP
  referrer data.

- User agent string sent by your web browser or
  client software while visiting this website. A
  web browser or a client software typically, but
  not necessarily, sends the names and versions of
  your device, operating system, and web browser
  or client software as the user agent string.


## Data Collection

When you visit this website, your IP address,
referrer data, and user agent string are
automatically recorded in web server log files.

When you submit a new post to this website
successfully, your text is written to a file on
the web server and your text is published at a new
URL that is shown to you immediately after you
successfully submit the post. If the post
submission fails due to errors, then your text is
neither saved nor published.


## Data Usage

The IP address, referrer data, and user agent
string is used to monitor abuse of this website
such as submitting spam posts, submitting
non-mathematical posts, sending too many requests
to reduce the availability of this website, etc.
This data is also used to mitigate abuse of this
website by blocking certain combinations of IP
address, referrer data, and/or user agent from
accessing this website or by limiting the number
of requests such a combination may send to this
website.

The post text is saved in a text file for an
indefinitely long period of time. The post text is
published at a new URL. This post text is
available publicly to anyone who visits this URL.
This URL is shown to you immediately after you
successfully submit a new post. You must not
submit sensitive personal data to this website.


## Data Storage

The IP address, referrer data, and user agent
string are stored in web server log files. This
data is retained for 15 days. After 15 days, this
data is deleted automatically.

The post text is saved in text files and made
available publicly on this website via unique
URLs. Anyone with the URL of your post can view
the post text. You must not submit sensitive
personal data to this website.


## Cookies

This website does not use cookies.


## Third-Party Analytics

This website does not use third-party analytics.


## Marketing

The data collected from you is not used for marketing.


## Contact

If you have any questions about the data collected
by this website, please create a new issue at
[github.com/susam/mathb/issues][issues] or contact
susam (dot) pal (at) gmail (dot) com.

[issues]: https://github.com/susam/mathb/issues
